FlightREview: Add general refs re vibration analysis (#482)
PX4/px4_user_guide: en/log/flight_review.md

### Fixing Vibration Problems {#solutions}

Often a source of vibration (or combination of multiple sources) cannot be identified from logs alone.

In this case the vehicle should be inspected.

> [Vibration Isolation](../assembly/vibration_isolation.md) explains some basic things you can check (and do) to improve vibration performance.

Reviewer: Maybe like this?
```suggestion
[Vibration Isolation](../assembly/vibration_isolation.md) explains some basic things you can check (and do) to reduce vibration levels.
```
